README.md, before:

# Protobuf home automation experiment

This project is mostly about sending protobufs over the wire.


## Premise

I am wondering about controlling a home using a physical network of small
computers. Each of these computers (referred to as thermostats) would be able
to sense, in a minimal example, room temperature and radiator temperature (this
has some bad assumptions such as one type of radiator, rooms without any
physical attributes [size, topology, insulation]). The thermostats would also
be able to turn on and off the radiator.

## Demo

```
cargo run server
cargo run fake_therostat
```

## Ideas 

### Project

- Optimize for power consumption.
- Simulate less busy rooms, rooms that get colder faster
- Record sent messages. Display trends.

### Implementation

- Run a bunch of simulated thermostats in a network.
- Test that thermostat can be upgraded in a backwards compatible way.
- Simulate in a simulated faulty network.
- Add retries and exp back-off
- Try out protobufs for transmission

Commit message:

Start sending messages via http + protobufs.
To do this is I ended up picking a client and a server library for rust
(somewhat arbitrarily). I then worked on serializing the messages
between the client and the server.

The message is created on the client side, sent to the backend before
being deserialized and printed.

README.md, after:

# Protobuf home automation experiment

This project is mostly about sending protobufs over the wire.


## Premise

I am wondering about controlling a home using a physical network of small
computers. Each of these computers (referred to as thermostats) would be able
to sense, in a minimal example, room temperature and radiator temperature (this
has some bad assumptions such as one type of radiator, rooms without any
physical attributes [size, topology, insulation]). The thermostats would also
be able to turn on and off the radiator.

The eventual goal of this would be a network-connected internet-disconnected
system that would allow anyone to efficiently, and comfortably control the
space.

## Demo

```
cargo run --bin server
cargo run --bin fake_thermostat
```

## Ideas 

### Project

- Optimize for power consumption.
- Simulate less busy rooms, rooms that get colder faster
- Record sent messages. Display trends.
- Web based UI

### Implementation

- Run a bunch of simulated thermostats in a network.
- Test that thermostat can be upgraded in a backwards compatible way.
- Simulate in a simulated faulty network.
- Add retries and exp back-off
- Try out protobufs for transmission
